Yes Hello everyone
I will come and see you later version collaboration
Neko Puzz is the second time, but I am the former puzzler
Although the time of abode it is the first of crime prevention collaboration is who in I was not doing Pazudora
It seems like there are some strong kids
I just want a dark child
It kinda of darkness but I think Toka do more of it other characters speaking in cuteness is good
Is got a place that looks like a Na or per When me out flour, but this time
I think I will go three times, the remaining 45 are that
40 or 40 pieces
Do not want
Because I think that you want to use the pod-based questionnaire God festival of me in this third floor third floor
I want
I would like to get the dark pieces
Then I will go or suddenly I will go first
Come on, let's get nervous
Equipment is a cat or Rex cat awakening himself Odin deco etc.
It seems there is a 14th anniversary.
1410 yen
We pretty reported Irunda Nde also are the sons of the previous another edition collaboration Gacha
I will go around three times first first of all
Go you'll want two Kanako after this once cat language Oh cat has is in Ne certainly I'm a child of darkness
I will
Don't
What dinosaur 7 this is different cherry
Somehow I'm the guy cute at the bottom right you are taking something now soooo Chatchii dinosaur
What a super cute guy at the bottom right
Have
big Zoider 2
Out by me a small maid or 321 series 3 times
I taste it
What are you
It is cute
This what cat
So cat
A full cat is not a new child
I'm the guy is feeling do bad amazing I furfuraldehyde after But Now this evolution
Kana of an edible character that has changed all drops into fire and light recovery
It is recovery type
This not it pretty good
I'm not a good person, I guess I'm still a usable child
Well new I am happy me out Come on after 2 times
Go two more times
I will say that
Don't
I would like you to spend the money once next time
I'll be worried about everything -baked
I want to
Cha 3
Yes
love
Ah ah ah ah
It is this ish before powder
My powdery
It 's pretty embarrassing to reduce the damage taken during the buggy cat 6 turn
This is strong
What water prevent the other anyway softening damage or that the water continued war
Hey Nde water is not so much
I can use it but I do not know well
Once lost Te
Even if it happens once, something like you is not a child
Oh, I will organize the box once a week later
Yes box organize to something supposed meeting in've ne a guess I'm like a much no
Minus 4 times as of Deato 2 times in total added by you, such like everyone Well Well use public come out
I would like to go back 2 more times
Money is held out
At least once
I want money
I'll ask you
I'm going to ask you for money 321
What
Would I go here Chau Oh this wearing something like this immediately acme even unselfish Na
Hagiubank stock Naa
eh
Samba de Amigo
Samba de Amy Gokita what this
Fragile cat attack the oneness of the attack type No. 30 in the attribute of fire a little agreement on balance type for 5 turns
The office
This is not subtle
Something
I don't care much but it's cute but I'm cool
This would be neither something be likely When compared to the children a little while ago was of
I will go one more time
Oh ask
Was No I fluently Stone
Ze so we have been attacked To First here has
I do not last
Gold coin
Oh ha ha ha
The
I did not wear it
It was good but this is Yamiish
Jaggy cat that
This street
Ask about this hit and hear 30 feather darkness attribute once this kind of effect
2 times
Is this the enemy attribute Kaul of the dark attribute is over? After all this is not so bad
is not it
Do you both good awakening in 386 enhanced indeed
It was good, so this time it was like this time
In this day only this child of Frogey Nekodake Maa I can go a little bit
4 out of 5 times
Well, everyone who looks like it was a hit is cute, and it's especially lately new latest full full
It was hit silver cat and furfuraldehyde cat 's Perhaps may be just me came out cat
Wonder
Yes I feel like this
I was able to meet Ukachan happily The next gacha is Ann but it's a godfather ah
People on the smart phone put out sentences after joining this seki of the title of the video you are watching
Click here if you want to subscribe
Masu more eyes from the buttons on this screen from the have seen if we had a computer person for more information statement
A simple after you press the button
Please, saying the now Pochitsu in